these men want to go home to Gaza on
October 7th they were working mainly as
construction laborers or Farm Workers in
Israel then they became the
enemy maharas lost a leg to cancer and
then managed to find work in a bakery he
wants to go back to KH yunas in the
south of Gaza even though he has nothing
to go back
to on October 25 I was talking to my
children as usual later around Sunset I
got the news the house was gone the
children are gone everything is gone
I've lost my four children their mother
my mother my sister and her four
children and another sister and my
sister-in-law and her daughter and
another sister-in-law her children and
husband were
injured nearly 7,000 workers from Gaza
found themselves stuck in the West Bank
their Israeli work permits were canceled
not long after October 7th thousands
registered to go back to
Gaza I'm still in shock we came here to
look for a piece of bread to live like
everyone else we were shocked by what
happened we are like everyone else we
are waiting for God's mercy we are
people who love life we don't like death
or anyone to
suffer even before the war half of the
people in Gaza lived below the poverty
line the jobs these men had provided
essential income Israel says no one from
Gaza will ever be allowed to work there
again I came here to build a future for
my children they're gone and their
future is gone there's no future left
there's no life
left housed in temporary shelters across
the West Bank as a short-term solution
now risks becoming a long-term challenge
for weeks these men have been waiting
for a way back to Gaza but the ongoing
seemingly endless bombardment of the
strip the worsening humanitarian
conditions on the ground some whose
entire families have been wiped out it
is perhaps unsurprising that many are
having second thoughts the Palestinian
Authority says it's been working on how
to transport those who do want to go
back across Israeli territory it would
mean an end to their limbo but return to
a city under attack Zay basravi Al jazer
ramala in the occupied West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer